Gruppem√∏te 05.11.2013
Present: Ole, Jesper, Lars, Mats
-What have we done since last group meeting.
-Discuss how to get the forms from the web api.
-Discuss how to implement the skip logic part, document the idea behind it.
   -Use visible/non-visible during registration of scheame, and check the data before sending in.
   
-Deliver a significant amount of work before next group meeting on friday, add to git repository.
