Group meeting 19.11.2013
Present: Lars, Ole, Jesper
-File structure updated for development of webapp.
-What will we need of functionality:
   -(Choose what scheme.)
   -Layout for scheme.
   -Skip-logic for the scheme.
   -DHIS API I/O.
   
-Who will do what:
   -Lars and Ole: work this week with fetching and set data for further use. 
   -Jesper: Work next week with GUI or skip-logic, depends on the results from last week.

Next meeting, take it when necessary.
